com/example/booklify/request/Services.java
 com.example.booklify.request.Services
com/example/booklify/utils/Credentials.java
 com.example.booklify.utils.Credentials
com/example/booklify/adapter/HomeAdapter.java
 com.example.booklify.adapter.HomeAdapter
 com.example.booklify.adapter.HomeAdapter$1
 com.example.booklify.adapter.HomeAdapter$viewHolder
com/example/booklify/executor/AppExecutor.java
 com.example.booklify.executor.AppExecutor
com/example/booklify/fragments/BasketFragment.java
 com.example.booklify.fragments.BasketFragment
com/example/booklify/adapter/BookFragmentAdapter.java
 com.example.booklify.adapter.BookFragmentAdapter
 com.example.booklify.adapter.BookFragmentAdapter$1
 com.example.booklify.adapter.BookFragmentAdapter$viewHolder
com/example/booklify/adapter/BookmarkAdapter.java
 com.example.booklify.adapter.BookmarkAdapter
 com.example.booklify.adapter.BookmarkAdapter$1
 com.example.booklify.adapter.BookmarkAdapter$viewHolder
com/example/booklify/adapter/BasketAdapter.java
 com.example.booklify.adapter.BasketAdapter
 com.example.booklify.adapter.BasketAdapter$1
 com.example.booklify.adapter.BasketAdapter$viewHolder
com/example/booklify/fragments/ProfileFragment.java
 com.example.booklify.fragments.ProfileFragment
 com.example.booklify.fragments.ProfileFragment$1
 com.example.booklify.fragments.ProfileFragment$2
com/example/booklify/activity/HomeActivity.java
 com.example.booklify.activity.HomeActivity
 com.example.booklify.activity.HomeActivity$1
com/example/booklify/response/BookSearchResponse.java
 com.example.booklify.response.BookSearchResponse
com/example/booklify/fragments/HomeFragment.java
 com.example.booklify.fragments.HomeFragment
com/example/booklify/adapter/RecommendationAdapter.java
 com.example.booklify.adapter.RecommendationAdapter
 com.example.booklify.adapter.RecommendationAdapter$1
 com.example.booklify.adapter.RecommendationAdapter$viewHolder
com/example/booklify/Comment.java
 com.example.booklify.Comment
com/example/booklify/activity/RegisterActivity.java
 com.example.booklify.activity.RegisterActivity
 com.example.booklify.activity.RegisterActivity$1
com/example/booklify/activity/ChangePasswordActivity.java
 com.example.booklify.activity.ChangePasswordActivity
 com.example.booklify.activity.ChangePasswordActivity$1
 com.example.booklify.activity.ChangePasswordActivity$2
 com.example.booklify.activity.ChangePasswordActivity$3
com/example/booklify/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.booklify.BuildConfig
com/example/booklify/activity/BookmarkActivity.java
 com.example.booklify.activity.BookmarkActivity
 com.example.booklify.activity.BookmarkActivity$1
com/example/booklify/fragments/BookFragment.java
 com.example.booklify.fragments.BookFragment
com/example/booklify/response/BookResponse.java
 com.example.booklify.response.BookResponse
com/example/booklify/repositories/BookRepository.java
 com.example.booklify.repositories.BookRepository
com/example/booklify/viewmodels/BookListViewModel.java
 com.example.booklify.viewmodels.BookListViewModel
com/example/booklify/model/BookModel.java
 com.example.booklify.model.BookModel
 com.example.booklify.model.BookModel$1
com/example/booklify/utils/BookApi.java
 com.example.booklify.utils.BookApi
com/example/booklify/activity/MainActivity.java
 com.example.booklify.activity.MainActivity
 com.example.booklify.activity.MainActivity$1
 com.example.booklify.activity.MainActivity$2
com/example/booklify/request/BookApiClient.java
 com.example.booklify.request.BookApiClient
 com.example.booklify.request.BookApiClient$1
 com.example.booklify.request.BookApiClient$RetrieveBooksRunnable
com/example/booklify/activity/DetailActivity.java
 com.example.booklify.activity.DetailActivity
 com.example.booklify.activity.DetailActivity$1
com/example/booklify/adapter/ShopAdapter.java
 com.example.booklify.adapter.ShopAdapter
 com.example.booklify.adapter.ShopAdapter$viewHolder
